@comment $OpenBSD: PLIST-cgi,v 1.4 2017/08/23 14:28:31 kirby Exp $
@extraunexec rm -rf %D/pnp4nagios/rrd
conf/modules.sample/pnp4nagios.conf.dist
@sample conf/modules.sample/pnp4nagios.conf
pnp4nagios/
pnp4nagios/application/
pnp4nagios/application/cache/
pnp4nagios/application/config/
pnp4nagios/application/config/config.php
pnp4nagios/application/config/locale.php
pnp4nagios/application/config/routes.php
pnp4nagios/application/config/session.php
pnp4nagios/application/controllers/
pnp4nagios/application/controllers/ajax.php
pnp4nagios/application/controllers/color.php
pnp4nagios/application/controllers/debug.php
pnp4nagios/application/controllers/docs.php
pnp4nagios/application/controllers/graph.php
pnp4nagios/application/controllers/image.php
pnp4nagios/application/controllers/json.php
pnp4nagios/application/controllers/mobile.php
pnp4nagios/application/controllers/page.php
pnp4nagios/application/controllers/pdf.php
pnp4nagios/application/controllers/popup.php
pnp4nagios/application/controllers/special.php
pnp4nagios/application/controllers/start.php
pnp4nagios/application/controllers/system.php
pnp4nagios/application/controllers/xml.php
pnp4nagios/application/controllers/xport.php
pnp4nagios/application/controllers/zoom.php
pnp4nagios/application/helpers/
pnp4nagios/application/helpers/nagios.php
pnp4nagios/application/helpers/pnp.php
pnp4nagios/application/helpers/rrd.php
pnp4nagios/application/hooks/
pnp4nagios/application/i18n/
pnp4nagios/application/i18n/de_DE/
pnp4nagios/application/i18n/de_DE/common.php
pnp4nagios/application/i18n/de_DE/error.php
pnp4nagios/application/i18n/en_US/
pnp4nagios/application/i18n/en_US/common.php
pnp4nagios/application/i18n/en_US/error.php
pnp4nagios/application/i18n/es_ES/
pnp4nagios/application/i18n/es_ES/common.php
pnp4nagios/application/i18n/es_ES/error.php
pnp4nagios/application/i18n/fr_FR/
pnp4nagios/application/i18n/fr_FR/common.php
pnp4nagios/application/i18n/fr_FR/error.php
pnp4nagios/application/i18n/ru_RU/
pnp4nagios/application/i18n/ru_RU/common.php
pnp4nagios/application/i18n/ru_RU/error.php
pnp4nagios/application/lib/
pnp4nagios/application/lib/json.php
pnp4nagios/application/lib/jsonwrapper.php
pnp4nagios/application/lib/jsonwrapper_inner.php
pnp4nagios/application/models/
pnp4nagios/application/models/auth.php
pnp4nagios/application/models/auth_multisite.php
pnp4nagios/application/models/config.php
pnp4nagios/application/models/data.php
pnp4nagios/application/models/rrdtool.php
pnp4nagios/application/models/system.php
pnp4nagios/application/vendor/
pnp4nagios/application/vendor/fpdf/
pnp4nagios/application/vendor/fpdf/filters/
pnp4nagios/application/vendor/fpdf/filters/FilterASCII85.php
pnp4nagios/application/vendor/fpdf/filters/FilterASCIIHexDecode.php
pnp4nagios/application/vendor/fpdf/filters/FilterLZW.php
pnp4nagios/application/vendor/fpdf/font/
pnp4nagios/application/vendor/fpdf/font/courier.php
pnp4nagios/application/vendor/fpdf/font/courierb.php
pnp4nagios/application/vendor/fpdf/font/courierbi.php
pnp4nagios/application/vendor/fpdf/font/courieri.php
pnp4nagios/application/vendor/fpdf/font/helvetica.php
pnp4nagios/application/vendor/fpdf/font/helveticab.php
pnp4nagios/application/vendor/fpdf/font/helveticabi.php
pnp4nagios/application/vendor/fpdf/font/helveticai.php
pnp4nagios/application/vendor/fpdf/font/symbol.php
pnp4nagios/application/vendor/fpdf/font/times.php
pnp4nagios/application/vendor/fpdf/font/timesb.php
pnp4nagios/application/vendor/fpdf/font/timesbi.php
pnp4nagios/application/vendor/fpdf/font/timesi.php
pnp4nagios/application/vendor/fpdf/font/zapfdingbats.php
pnp4nagios/application/vendor/fpdf/fpdf.php
pnp4nagios/application/vendor/fpdf/fpdf_tpl.php
pnp4nagios/application/vendor/fpdf/fpdi.php
pnp4nagios/application/vendor/fpdf/fpdi_bridge.php
pnp4nagios/application/vendor/fpdf/fpdi_pdf_parser.php
pnp4nagios/application/vendor/fpdf/pdf_context.php
pnp4nagios/application/vendor/fpdf/pdf_parser.php
pnp4nagios/application/views/
pnp4nagios/application/views/basket_box.php
pnp4nagios/application/views/color.php
pnp4nagios/application/views/color_box.php
pnp4nagios/application/views/debug.php
pnp4nagios/application/views/docs.php
pnp4nagios/application/views/docs_box.php
pnp4nagios/application/views/graph.php
pnp4nagios/application/views/graph_content.php
pnp4nagios/application/views/graph_content_special.php
pnp4nagios/application/views/graph_tiny.php
pnp4nagios/application/views/header.php
pnp4nagios/application/views/host_box.php
pnp4nagios/application/views/icon_box.php
pnp4nagios/application/views/kohana_error_page.php
pnp4nagios/application/views/logo_box.php
pnp4nagios/application/views/mobile.php
pnp4nagios/application/views/mobile_about.php
pnp4nagios/application/views/mobile_graph.php
pnp4nagios/application/views/mobile_graph_special.php
pnp4nagios/application/views/mobile_home.php
pnp4nagios/application/views/mobile_host.php
pnp4nagios/application/views/mobile_overview.php
pnp4nagios/application/views/mobile_pages.php
pnp4nagios/application/views/mobile_search.php
pnp4nagios/application/views/mobile_special.php
pnp4nagios/application/views/multisite_box.php
pnp4nagios/application/views/page.php
pnp4nagios/application/views/pages_box.php
pnp4nagios/application/views/popup.php
pnp4nagios/application/views/search_box.php
pnp4nagios/application/views/service_box.php
pnp4nagios/application/views/special_templates_box.php
pnp4nagios/application/views/status_box.php
pnp4nagios/application/views/template.php
pnp4nagios/application/views/timerange_box.php
pnp4nagios/application/views/timerange_select.php
pnp4nagios/application/views/widget_graph.sample.php
pnp4nagios/application/views/widget_menu.sample.php
pnp4nagios/application/views/zoom.php
pnp4nagios/application/views/zoom_header.php
pnp4nagios/documents/
pnp4nagios/documents/_media/
pnp4nagios/documents/_media/bulk-npcd.png
pnp4nagios/documents/_media/bulk-npcdmod.png
pnp4nagios/documents/_media/bulk.png
pnp4nagios/documents/_media/gearman.png
pnp4nagios/documents/_media/mobile-graphs.png
pnp4nagios/documents/_media/mobile-home.png
pnp4nagios/documents/_media/mobile-hostlist.png
pnp4nagios/documents/_media/mobile-loading.png
pnp4nagios/documents/_media/mobile-servicelist.png
pnp4nagios/documents/_media/nagiospowered-72x72.png
pnp4nagios/documents/_media/pnp-preview-05-08-2009.png
pnp4nagios/documents/_media/popup.png
pnp4nagios/documents/_media/srv_info.png
pnp4nagios/documents/_media/synchronous.png
pnp4nagios/documents/de_DE/
pnp4nagios/documents/de_DE/about.html
pnp4nagios/documents/de_DE/advanced.html
pnp4nagios/documents/de_DE/config.html
pnp4nagios/documents/de_DE/doc_complete.html
pnp4nagios/documents/de_DE/dwnld.html
pnp4nagios/documents/de_DE/install.html
pnp4nagios/documents/de_DE/mobile.html
pnp4nagios/documents/de_DE/modes.html
pnp4nagios/documents/de_DE/new-features.html
pnp4nagios/documents/de_DE/npcd.html
pnp4nagios/documents/de_DE/pages.html
pnp4nagios/documents/de_DE/perfdata_format.html
pnp4nagios/documents/de_DE/rrd_convert.html
pnp4nagios/documents/de_DE/rrdcached.html
pnp4nagios/documents/de_DE/start.html
pnp4nagios/documents/de_DE/timeranges.html
pnp4nagios/documents/de_DE/tpl.html
pnp4nagios/documents/de_DE/tpl_custom.html
pnp4nagios/documents/de_DE/tpl_helper.html
pnp4nagios/documents/de_DE/tpl_helper_pnp.html
pnp4nagios/documents/de_DE/tpl_special.html
pnp4nagios/documents/de_DE/upgrade.html
pnp4nagios/documents/de_DE/verify.html
pnp4nagios/documents/de_DE/verify_pnp_config.html
pnp4nagios/documents/de_DE/webfe.html
pnp4nagios/documents/de_DE/webfe_cfg.html
pnp4nagios/documents/de_DE/wrapper.html
pnp4nagios/documents/de_DE/xport.html
pnp4nagios/documents/en_US/
pnp4nagios/documents/en_US/about.html
pnp4nagios/documents/en_US/advanced.html
pnp4nagios/documents/en_US/config.html
pnp4nagios/documents/en_US/doc_complete.html
pnp4nagios/documents/en_US/dwnld.html
pnp4nagios/documents/en_US/install.html
pnp4nagios/documents/en_US/mobile.html
pnp4nagios/documents/en_US/modes.html
pnp4nagios/documents/en_US/new-features.html
pnp4nagios/documents/en_US/npcd.html
pnp4nagios/documents/en_US/pages.html
pnp4nagios/documents/en_US/perfdata_format.html
pnp4nagios/documents/en_US/rrd_convert.html
pnp4nagios/documents/en_US/rrdcached.html
pnp4nagios/documents/en_US/start.html
pnp4nagios/documents/en_US/timeranges.html
pnp4nagios/documents/en_US/tpl.html
pnp4nagios/documents/en_US/tpl_custom.html
pnp4nagios/documents/en_US/tpl_helper.html
pnp4nagios/documents/en_US/tpl_helper_pnp.html
pnp4nagios/documents/en_US/tpl_special.html
pnp4nagios/documents/en_US/upgrade.html
pnp4nagios/documents/en_US/verify.html
pnp4nagios/documents/en_US/verify_pnp_config.html
pnp4nagios/documents/en_US/webfe.html
pnp4nagios/documents/en_US/webfe_cfg.html
pnp4nagios/documents/en_US/wrapper.html
pnp4nagios/documents/en_US/xport.html
pnp4nagios/documents/images/
pnp4nagios/documents/images/smileys/
pnp4nagios/documents/images/smileys/delete.gif
pnp4nagios/documents/images/smileys/fixme.gif
pnp4nagios/documents/images/smileys/icon_arrow.gif
pnp4nagios/documents/images/smileys/icon_biggrin.gif
pnp4nagios/documents/images/smileys/icon_confused.gif
pnp4nagios/documents/images/smileys/icon_cool.gif
pnp4nagios/documents/images/smileys/icon_cry.gif
pnp4nagios/documents/images/smileys/icon_doubt.gif
pnp4nagios/documents/images/smileys/icon_doubt2.gif
pnp4nagios/documents/images/smileys/icon_eek.gif
pnp4nagios/documents/images/smileys/icon_evil.gif
pnp4nagios/documents/images/smileys/icon_exclaim.gif
pnp4nagios/documents/images/smileys/icon_frown.gif
pnp4nagios/documents/images/smileys/icon_fun.gif
pnp4nagios/documents/images/smileys/icon_idea.gif
pnp4nagios/documents/images/smileys/icon_kaddi.gif
pnp4nagios/documents/images/smileys/icon_lol.gif
pnp4nagios/documents/images/smileys/icon_mrgreen.gif
pnp4nagios/documents/images/smileys/icon_neutral.gif
pnp4nagios/documents/images/smileys/icon_question.gif
pnp4nagios/documents/images/smileys/icon_razz.gif
pnp4nagios/documents/images/smileys/icon_redface.gif
pnp4nagios/documents/images/smileys/icon_rolleyes.gif
pnp4nagios/documents/images/smileys/icon_sad.gif
pnp4nagios/documents/images/smileys/icon_silenced.gif
pnp4nagios/documents/images/smileys/icon_smile.gif
pnp4nagios/documents/images/smileys/icon_smile2.gif
pnp4nagios/documents/images/smileys/icon_surprised.gif
pnp4nagios/documents/images/smileys/icon_twisted.gif
pnp4nagios/documents/images/smileys/icon_wink.gif
pnp4nagios/index.php
@comment pnp4nagios/install.php
pnp4nagios/media/
pnp4nagios/media/css/
pnp4nagios/media/css/autocomplete.css
pnp4nagios/media/css/border-h.gif
pnp4nagios/media/css/border-v.gif
pnp4nagios/media/css/common.css
pnp4nagios/media/css/images/
pnp4nagios/media/css/images/ajax-loader.png
pnp4nagios/media/css/images/icon-search-black.png
pnp4nagios/media/css/images/icons-18-black.png
pnp4nagios/media/css/images/icons-18-white.png
pnp4nagios/media/css/images/icons-36-black.png
pnp4nagios/media/css/images/icons-36-white.png
pnp4nagios/media/css/imgareaselect-default.css
pnp4nagios/media/css/jquery.mobile.min.css
pnp4nagios/media/css/mobile.css
pnp4nagios/media/css/shadow.png
pnp4nagios/media/css/ui-lightness/
pnp4nagios/media/css/ui-lightness/images/
pnp4nagios/media/css/ui-lightness/images/ui-bg_flat_0_aaaaaa_40x100.png
pnp4nagios/media/css/ui-lightness/images/ui-bg_flat_75_ffffff_40x100.png
pnp4nagios/media/css/ui-lightness/images/ui-bg_glass_55_fbf9ee_1x400.png
pnp4nagios/media/css/ui-lightness/images/ui-bg_glass_65_ffffff_1x400.png
pnp4nagios/media/css/ui-lightness/images/ui-bg_glass_75_dadada_1x400.png
pnp4nagios/media/css/ui-lightness/images/ui-bg_glass_75_e6e6e6_1x400.png
pnp4nagios/media/css/ui-lightness/images/ui-bg_glass_95_fef1ec_1x400.png
pnp4nagios/media/css/ui-lightness/images/ui-bg_highlight-soft_75_cccccc_1x100.png
pnp4nagios/media/css/ui-lightness/images/ui-icons_222222_256x240.png
pnp4nagios/media/css/ui-lightness/images/ui-icons_2e83ff_256x240.png
pnp4nagios/media/css/ui-lightness/images/ui-icons_454545_256x240.png
pnp4nagios/media/css/ui-lightness/images/ui-icons_888888_256x240.png
pnp4nagios/media/css/ui-lightness/images/ui-icons_cd0a0a_256x240.png
pnp4nagios/media/css/ui-lightness/jquery-ui.css
pnp4nagios/media/css/ui-multisite/
pnp4nagios/media/css/ui-multisite/images/
pnp4nagios/media/css/ui-multisite/images/contentframe_background.jpg
pnp4nagios/media/css/ui-multisite/images/ui-bg_flat_0_aaaaaa_40x100.png
pnp4nagios/media/css/ui-multisite/images/ui-bg_flat_75_6da1b8_40x100.png
pnp4nagios/media/css/ui-multisite/images/ui-bg_glass_55_fbf9ee_1x400.png
pnp4nagios/media/css/ui-multisite/images/ui-bg_glass_65_88b9ce_1x400.png
pnp4nagios/media/css/ui-multisite/images/ui-bg_glass_75_6da1b8_1x400.png
pnp4nagios/media/css/ui-multisite/images/ui-bg_glass_75_94cde6_1x400.png
pnp4nagios/media/css/ui-multisite/images/ui-bg_highlight-soft_75_274554_1x100.png
pnp4nagios/media/css/ui-multisite/images/ui-bg_highlight-soft_75_6da1b8_1x100.png
pnp4nagios/media/css/ui-multisite/images/ui-bg_inset-soft_95_fef1ec_1x100.png
pnp4nagios/media/css/ui-multisite/images/ui-icons_000000_256x240.png
pnp4nagios/media/css/ui-multisite/images/ui-icons_222222_256x240.png
pnp4nagios/media/css/ui-multisite/images/ui-icons_2e83ff_256x240.png
pnp4nagios/media/css/ui-multisite/images/ui-icons_454545_256x240.png
pnp4nagios/media/css/ui-multisite/images/ui-icons_cd0a0a_256x240.png
pnp4nagios/media/css/ui-multisite/jquery-ui.css
pnp4nagios/media/css/ui-redmond/
pnp4nagios/media/css/ui-redmond/images/
pnp4nagios/media/css/ui-redmond/images/ui-bg_flat_0_aaaaaa_40x100.png
pnp4nagios/media/css/ui-redmond/images/ui-bg_flat_75_ffffff_40x100.png
pnp4nagios/media/css/ui-redmond/images/ui-bg_glass_55_fbf9ee_1x400.png
pnp4nagios/media/css/ui-redmond/images/ui-bg_glass_65_ffffff_1x400.png
pnp4nagios/media/css/ui-redmond/images/ui-bg_glass_75_dadada_1x400.png
pnp4nagios/media/css/ui-redmond/images/ui-bg_glass_75_e6e6e6_1x400.png
pnp4nagios/media/css/ui-redmond/images/ui-bg_glass_95_fef1ec_1x400.png
pnp4nagios/media/css/ui-redmond/images/ui-bg_highlight-soft_75_cccccc_1x100.png
pnp4nagios/media/css/ui-redmond/images/ui-icons_222222_256x240.png
pnp4nagios/media/css/ui-redmond/images/ui-icons_2e83ff_256x240.png
pnp4nagios/media/css/ui-redmond/images/ui-icons_454545_256x240.png
pnp4nagios/media/css/ui-redmond/images/ui-icons_888888_256x240.png
pnp4nagios/media/css/ui-redmond/images/ui-icons_cd0a0a_256x240.png
pnp4nagios/media/css/ui-redmond/jquery-ui.css
pnp4nagios/media/css/ui-smoothness/
pnp4nagios/media/css/ui-smoothness/images/
pnp4nagios/media/css/ui-smoothness/images/ui-bg_flat_0_aaaaaa_40x100.png
pnp4nagios/media/css/ui-smoothness/images/ui-bg_flat_75_ffffff_40x100.png
pnp4nagios/media/css/ui-smoothness/images/ui-bg_glass_55_fbf9ee_1x400.png
pnp4nagios/media/css/ui-smoothness/images/ui-bg_glass_65_ffffff_1x400.png
pnp4nagios/media/css/ui-smoothness/images/ui-bg_glass_75_dadada_1x400.png
pnp4nagios/media/css/ui-smoothness/images/ui-bg_glass_75_e6e6e6_1x400.png
pnp4nagios/media/css/ui-smoothness/images/ui-bg_glass_95_fef1ec_1x400.png
pnp4nagios/media/css/ui-smoothness/images/ui-bg_highlight-soft_75_cccccc_1x100.png
pnp4nagios/media/css/ui-smoothness/images/ui-icons_222222_256x240.png
pnp4nagios/media/css/ui-smoothness/images/ui-icons_2e83ff_256x240.png
pnp4nagios/media/css/ui-smoothness/images/ui-icons_454545_256x240.png
pnp4nagios/media/css/ui-smoothness/images/ui-icons_888888_256x240.png
pnp4nagios/media/css/ui-smoothness/images/ui-icons_cd0a0a_256x240.png
pnp4nagios/media/css/ui-smoothness/jquery-ui.css
pnp4nagios/media/images/
pnp4nagios/media/images/1x1.gif
pnp4nagios/media/images/add.png
pnp4nagios/media/images/back.png
pnp4nagios/media/images/calendar.png
pnp4nagios/media/images/color.png
pnp4nagios/media/images/de_DE.png
pnp4nagios/media/images/docs.png
pnp4nagios/media/images/en_US.png
pnp4nagios/media/images/favicon.ico
pnp4nagios/media/images/go-left.png
pnp4nagios/media/images/go-now.png
pnp4nagios/media/images/go-right.png
pnp4nagios/media/images/graph.png
pnp4nagios/media/images/home.png
pnp4nagios/media/images/int.gif
pnp4nagios/media/images/int2.gif
pnp4nagios/media/images/loader.gif
pnp4nagios/media/images/notify.gif
pnp4nagios/media/images/pages.png
pnp4nagios/media/images/pdf.png
pnp4nagios/media/images/pnp.png
pnp4nagios/media/images/remove.png
pnp4nagios/media/images/rrdtool.png
pnp4nagios/media/images/special.png
pnp4nagios/media/images/stats.png
pnp4nagios/media/images/trends.gif
pnp4nagios/media/images/view-calendar.png
pnp4nagios/media/images/xml.png
pnp4nagios/media/images/zoom.png
pnp4nagios/media/js/
pnp4nagios/media/js/jquery-min.js
pnp4nagios/media/js/jquery-ui-timepicker-addon.js
pnp4nagios/media/js/jquery-ui.min.js
pnp4nagios/media/js/jquery.cluetip.js
pnp4nagios/media/js/jquery.imgareaselect.min.js
pnp4nagios/media/js/jquery.mobile.min.js
@owner _icinga
@group _icinga
pnp4nagios/rrd/
@owner
@group
pnp4nagios/templates.dist/
@sample pnp4nagios/templates/
pnp4nagios/templates.dist/check-host-alive.php
@sample pnp4nagios/templates/check-host-alive.php
pnp4nagios/templates.dist/check_apachestatus.php
@sample pnp4nagios/templates/check_apachestatus.php
pnp4nagios/templates.dist/check_apachestatus_auto.php
@sample pnp4nagios/templates/check_apachestatus_auto.php
pnp4nagios/templates.dist/check_dell_bladechassis.php
@sample pnp4nagios/templates/check_dell_bladechassis.php
pnp4nagios/templates.dist/check_disk.php
@sample pnp4nagios/templates/check_disk.php
pnp4nagios/templates.dist/check_dns.php
@sample pnp4nagios/templates/check_dns.php
pnp4nagios/templates.dist/check_esx3.php
@sample pnp4nagios/templates/check_esx3.php
pnp4nagios/templates.dist/check_fping.php
@sample pnp4nagios/templates/check_fping.php
pnp4nagios/templates.dist/check_gearman.php
@sample pnp4nagios/templates/check_gearman.php
pnp4nagios/templates.dist/check_hp_bladechassis.php
@sample pnp4nagios/templates/check_hp_bladechassis.php
pnp4nagios/templates.dist/check_hpasm.php
@sample pnp4nagios/templates/check_hpasm.php
pnp4nagios/templates.dist/check_http.php
@sample pnp4nagios/templates/check_http.php
pnp4nagios/templates.dist/check_icmp.php
@sample pnp4nagios/templates/check_icmp.php
pnp4nagios/templates.dist/check_iftraffic_counter.php
@sample pnp4nagios/templates/check_iftraffic_counter.php
pnp4nagios/templates.dist/check_iftraffic_pct.php
@sample pnp4nagios/templates/check_iftraffic_pct.php
pnp4nagios/templates.dist/check_jmx4perl_connector_errors.php
@sample pnp4nagios/templates/check_jmx4perl_connector_errors.php
pnp4nagios/templates.dist/check_jmx4perl_connector_nr_requests.php
@sample pnp4nagios/templates/check_jmx4perl_connector_nr_requests.php
pnp4nagios/templates.dist/check_jmx4perl_connector_proc_time.php
@sample pnp4nagios/templates/check_jmx4perl_connector_proc_time.php
pnp4nagios/templates.dist/check_jmx4perl_connector_received.php
@sample pnp4nagios/templates/check_jmx4perl_connector_received.php
pnp4nagios/templates.dist/check_jmx4perl_connector_sent.php
@sample pnp4nagios/templates/check_jmx4perl_connector_sent.php
pnp4nagios/templates.dist/check_jmx4perl_connector_threads.php
@sample pnp4nagios/templates/check_jmx4perl_connector_threads.php
pnp4nagios/templates.dist/check_jmx4perl_memory_gc_count.php
@sample pnp4nagios/templates/check_jmx4perl_memory_gc_count.php
pnp4nagios/templates.dist/check_jmx4perl_memory_gc_time.php
@sample pnp4nagios/templates/check_jmx4perl_memory_gc_time.php
pnp4nagios/templates.dist/check_jmx4perl_memory_heap.php
@sample pnp4nagios/templates/check_jmx4perl_memory_heap.php
pnp4nagios/templates.dist/check_jmx4perl_thread_count.php
@sample pnp4nagios/templates/check_jmx4perl_thread_count.php
pnp4nagios/templates.dist/check_jmx4perl_thread_increase.php
@sample pnp4nagios/templates/check_jmx4perl_thread_increase.php
pnp4nagios/templates.dist/check_load.php
@sample pnp4nagios/templates/check_load.php
pnp4nagios/templates.dist/check_local_disk.php
@sample pnp4nagios/templates/check_local_disk.php
pnp4nagios/templates.dist/check_local_load.php
@sample pnp4nagios/templates/check_local_load.php
pnp4nagios/templates.dist/check_messpc_temp.php
@sample pnp4nagios/templates/check_messpc_temp.php
pnp4nagios/templates.dist/check_mssql_health.php
@sample pnp4nagios/templates/check_mssql_health.php
pnp4nagios/templates.dist/check_multi.php
@sample pnp4nagios/templates/check_multi.php
pnp4nagios/templates.dist/check_multi_nagiostats.php
@sample pnp4nagios/templates/check_multi_nagiostats.php
pnp4nagios/templates.dist/check_mysql_health.php
@sample pnp4nagios/templates/check_mysql_health.php
pnp4nagios/templates.dist/check_nt_cpu.php
@sample pnp4nagios/templates/check_nt_cpu.php
pnp4nagios/templates.dist/check_nt_disk.php
@sample pnp4nagios/templates/check_nt_disk.php
pnp4nagios/templates.dist/check_nt_mem.php
@sample pnp4nagios/templates/check_nt_mem.php
pnp4nagios/templates.dist/check_ntp_time.php
@sample pnp4nagios/templates/check_ntp_time.php
pnp4nagios/templates.dist/check_nwstat_CONNS.php
@sample pnp4nagios/templates/check_nwstat_CONNS.php
pnp4nagios/templates.dist/check_nwstat_LOAD.php
@sample pnp4nagios/templates/check_nwstat_LOAD.php
pnp4nagios/templates.dist/check_nwstat_LOAD1.php
@sample pnp4nagios/templates/check_nwstat_LOAD1.php
pnp4nagios/templates.dist/check_nwstat_LOAD15.php
@sample pnp4nagios/templates/check_nwstat_LOAD15.php
pnp4nagios/templates.dist/check_nwstat_LOAD5.php
@sample pnp4nagios/templates/check_nwstat_LOAD5.php
pnp4nagios/templates.dist/check_nwstat_ofiles.php
@sample pnp4nagios/templates/check_nwstat_ofiles.php
pnp4nagios/templates.dist/check_openmanage.php
@sample pnp4nagios/templates/check_openmanage.php
pnp4nagios/templates.dist/check_oracle_connection-time.php
@sample pnp4nagios/templates/check_oracle_connection-time.php
pnp4nagios/templates.dist/check_oracle_health.php
@sample pnp4nagios/templates/check_oracle_health.php
pnp4nagios/templates.dist/check_oracle_health_connection-time.php
@sample pnp4nagios/templates/check_oracle_health_connection-time.php
pnp4nagios/templates.dist/check_oracle_health_pga-in-memory-sort-ratio.php
@sample pnp4nagios/templates/check_oracle_health_pga-in-memory-sort-ratio.php
pnp4nagios/templates.dist/check_oracle_health_redo-io-traffic.php
@sample pnp4nagios/templates/check_oracle_health_redo-io-traffic.php
pnp4nagios/templates.dist/check_oracle_health_switch-interval.php
@sample pnp4nagios/templates/check_oracle_health_switch-interval.php
pnp4nagios/templates.dist/check_oracle_health_tablespace-usage.php
@sample pnp4nagios/templates/check_oracle_health_tablespace-usage.php
pnp4nagios/templates.dist/check_ping.php
@sample pnp4nagios/templates/check_ping.php
pnp4nagios/templates.dist/check_ping_tick.php
@sample pnp4nagios/templates/check_ping_tick.php
pnp4nagios/templates.dist/check_pnp_rrds.php
@sample pnp4nagios/templates/check_pnp_rrds.php
pnp4nagios/templates.dist/check_smtp.php
@sample pnp4nagios/templates/check_smtp.php
pnp4nagios/templates.dist/check_snmp_int-bits.php
@sample pnp4nagios/templates/check_snmp_int-bits.php
pnp4nagios/templates.dist/check_snmp_int.php
@sample pnp4nagios/templates/check_snmp_int.php
pnp4nagios/templates.dist/check_swap.php
@sample pnp4nagios/templates/check_swap.php
pnp4nagios/templates.dist/check_tcp.php
@sample pnp4nagios/templates/check_tcp.php
pnp4nagios/templates.dist/check_users.php
@sample pnp4nagios/templates/check_users.php
pnp4nagios/templates.dist/default.php
@sample pnp4nagios/templates/default.php
pnp4nagios/templates.dist/icinga.php
@sample pnp4nagios/templates/icinga.php
pnp4nagios/templates.dist/integer.php
@sample pnp4nagios/templates/integer.php
pnp4nagios/templates.dist/nagiostats.php
@sample pnp4nagios/templates/nagiostats.php
pnp4nagios/templates.dist/pnp-runtime.php
@sample pnp4nagios/templates/pnp-runtime.php
pnp4nagios/templates.dist/response.php
@sample pnp4nagios/templates/response.php
pnp4nagios/templates.special/
pnp4nagios/templates.special/README
pnp4nagios/templates.special/advanced_loop.php-sample
pnp4nagios/templates.special/loop.php-sample
pnp4nagios/templates.special/static.php-sample
