$OpenBSD: README,v 1.3 2017/08/27 08:54:08 sthen Exp $

+-----------------------------------------------------------------------
| ${FULLPKGNAME} on OpenBSD
+-----------------------------------------------------------------------

To start Tor Browser:

  $ tor-browser

This will create a ~/TorBrowser-Data directory tree if it does not
exist.

As of the 7.0.2 release Tor Browser keeps its data in
~/TorBrowser-Data/Data.  In 6.5.2 it was ~/TorBrowser-Data/Browser.
If you wish to preserve either your tor configuration (bridges, etc)
or your browser profile and are updating from a version before 7.0.2
please do the following BEFORE starting tor-browser after you upgrade:

  $ mv ~/TorBrowser-Data/Browser ~/TorBrowser-Data/Data

Tor Browser uses its own instance of the tor server running on a
different port than the net/tor port is configured to use by default.
It starts and stops this tor daemon using the tor-launcher add-on
(www/tor-browser/tor-launcher).  It should not interfere with any tor
daemon you have running via the standard mechanism (e.g. rcctl start
tor).

The tor instance used by Tor Browser stores its configuration in
~/TorBrowser-Data/Data/torrc; the tor daemon state lives in
~/TorBrowser-Data/Data/tor_data.

When you use Tor Browser to change your configuration (e.g. add
bridges) the above torrc is updated.  You can also add bridges by
editing your torrc yourself.  Make sure Tor Browser is not running
before doing so if you use this method; if Tor Browser is running it
might overwrite your torrc.

NOTE: The OpenBSD Tor Browser ports do not yet include Pluggable
Transports (PT).  This means that not all features are yet available,
such as using obfsproxy to get to Tor.  A future update will include
ports for PT components.  Pluggable Transports have a web page
worth reading:
  https://www.torproject.org/docs/pluggable-transports.html.en

For more information about Tor Browser and the Tor anonymity network
in general please visit http://www.torproject.org
